today we will introduce you a movie
called the incredible hulk released in
2008.
kawku and singh kahwan vt hulk tri ki tr
than one trong n h n g huan v t siu and
hung marvel
let's start
the opening of the film is a flashback
to the memory of bruce banner he is a
doctor of science in charge of the us
military's gamma-ray biological weapons
research project
he used himself as a test subject but
the results were not as expected
banner has become a giant green monster
that smashes everything in the lab and
attacks everyone
his girlfriend betty ross was
hospitalized and her father general ross
broke his arm
after that event banner became an
american deserter and had to flee to a
small village in brazil
here he begins to practice martial arts
with a teacher to control his anger stop
becoming a green giant
he came here and worked as a bottling
worker at a soft drink factory
that day the boss called him up to fix
the broken power line seeing that he
worked hard the boss offered to increase
his salary
inadvertently he cut his hand causing a
drop of his blood to fall down
he knew his blood was radioactive so he
quickly told the boss to turn off the
engine he ran down to wipe the blood and
breathed a sigh of relief
but he did not know that a single drop
of blood was left on a soft drink bottle
and it was packed and shipped to the us
the next morning he received a package
of flowers from mr blue
a friend he met online he sent something
that could create an antidote to his
illness
he went home with the machine with a
photo of his girlfriend betty on the
table and started making the antidote
but still unsuccessful he took his own
blood and put it in a test tube and sent
it to mr blue at the pentagon general
ross received news that a man drank a
radioactive water bottle and died ross
based on this information found banner's
whereabouts and rushed to assemble an
elite army to capture banner
the leader of the army was emil blonsky
a marine of the british royal family
troops to brazil
straight to banner's house
they kicked in the door shot repeatedly
at banner's bed but when he turned it
over no one was there he swung the rope
and escaped
banner was chased everywhere by general
ross's army
on the way to escape he encountered
thugs at work he overcame them and
continued to run
so he was hunted by a bunch of thugs and
general ross and blonsky's army
in the end he ran away to the factory
where he worked
the thugs chased the place they caught
him and beat him so hard that made him
angry and the green giant in him
appeared
he chased away each of the thugs and
attacked them
general ross's army also arrived and
general ross ordered all weapons to be
used to capture him
but no matter how many anesthetics and
bullets were fired
suddenly hulk pushed a large water tank
into the soldiers only blonsky survived
he pointed his gun at hulk and fired
repeatedly he angrily threw the whole
machine weighing tons and threw it at
blonsky
hulk finally escaped
general ross bloski and the rest of the
soldiers went to banner's motel room to
find the remaining clues but there was
nothing left
they had to return to america
the next morning at a small stream in
the forest banner returned to his
original form with his ragged clothes
seeing a car coming he immediately ran
out to tell the situation and asked for
help
he was allowed to come along wrapped a
blanket to keep warm and they headed to
the town ahead
he is in mexico now he sat in a corner
at the market with only his ragged pants
he was given money enough to buy a new
set of clothes he continued his journey
on foot to america
at the pentagon general ross was telling
blonsky about the cause of the green
giant's appearance and military secrets
that they were making biological weapons
when the serum contained gamma but
banner didn't know
so now banner is the property of the us
military so they need to find him to get
him back
talking about banner after many
difficulties he was able to return to
the us he went to the university where
his girlfriend was working
he waited for betty to leave work
he watched her from afar seeing her
beaming smile as if it were for him
but no she smiled kissed and held
another man's hand and left
turns out betty has a new boyfriend
he watched betty and her boyfriend with
sadness
that night he went to a pizza shop
called stanley's waited until the store
closed before knocking on the door
the owner immediately recognized banner
he inquired about betty and learned that
her boyfriend is very good is the
director of a hospital
he asked the old man's permission to
stay at his house for a few days
he applied to be a pizza delivery man to
easily access and get the data he needed
he disguised himself as a pizza delivery
man to go up to his lab the day before
he gave the security guard a small cake
so it was easy to sneak in
he logged into his computer searched for
gamma ray data but couldn't find it
along with that he continued to search
for his name but it was also empty
he asked mr blue for help but he
couldn't banner dejectedly returned to
his room packed up and planned to
continue running
at this time below the house betty took
her boyfriend to old man stanley's
pizzeria
banner went to the kitchen to say
goodbye to stanley but when he opened
the door to look for him he saw betty
and ran away
betty ran as fast as she could to the
back of the house but he disappeared
betty's boyfriend also panicked and ran
after her and the two went back into the
pizzeria
betty begged the old man to tell her
west hope ended
it was raining heavily banner was
walking in the rain a car stopped near
him but when he turned around to see
what was going on he saw betty getting
out of the car
the two could not hold back their
emotions hugged each other
betty begs him not to go to come back to
her
betty drove banner to her house
she gave him a box with a usb in it
which contained all the data about the
two people's research
banner asks her if the general knows
that he wants to dissect banner to
create a copy of him and use it to make
a weapon to serve the army he said he
would run away again tomorrow because if
he stayed both of them would be in
danger
she said she would see him off to the
bus tomorrow then went to their room
both of them were awake and could not
sleep
general ross decided to take out the
super soldier serum that had been stored
since world war ii to inject into
blonsky's body
the scientist injected him with two
injections one deep into the muscle the
other deep into the bone
he was in a lot of pain
the next morning betty saw banner off
and he continued on his escape but
before he could say a word to her he saw
the army ambush around
he had to flee immediately the army
following him closely
he ran inside the university library he
filled a bookshelf and took out the usb
and tried to swallow it
meanwhile betty is trying to stop the
convoy from chasing banner
she stopped the car general ross was
driving he had to go outside to talk to
her she begged him to stop
at that moment when banner ran to the
overpass he was surrounded by general
ross's army on all sides
the boss ordered to shoot tear gas into
the bridge saw banner struggling inside
betty could not stand it and rush to
save him but was held by two soldiers
seeing his lover being bullied the
second person in him rose up
hulk kicked open the glass door and flew
out
the green giant shouted he was hit by a
rain of bullets from the soldiers
he ran over and attacked an armored
vehicle in the end general ross ordered
blonsky to attack him
blonsky repeatedly fired his gun at hulk
the giant splits the armored vehicle
into two shields to make the blonsky
continuous attack weapon
blasky realized he was no match for hulk
so he ran away
general ross sent the team of sonic guns
to battle blaskies bait for hulk to run
to
hulk ran to the center of the gun when
he began to be hit by the sound waves
until he could not stand
betty begs her father to spare the hulk
but he refuses
when he saw betty being held he tried to
get up using a shield to hold back and
the other to throw it at the car that
launched the sonar
he rushed to crush the other
general ross had to send helicopters in
blaskey pointed his gun at hulk and
fired repeatedly
he then approached hulk dropped his gun
and challenged hulk with disdain
but in the end he was trampled on his
face and defeated
general ross was disappointed and
immediately withdrew his troops
betty went straight to the giant the
general ordered the helicopter to fire
at hulk
hulk defends betty with his body then he
throws the shield and breaks the
helicopter's wings
creating a huge fire that engulfed the
hulk and betty
general ross screamed in despair when he
saw his daughter in the flames
it started to rain hulk came out from
inside the fire took betty in his arms
looked at the general with angry eyes
and walked away
that night the general went to betty's
house to gather documents and met
betty's boyfriend there
he and general ross argued for a while
he saw that the general's ambition was
to capture hulk by any means not to find
and protect his daughter
hulk carried betty into the jungle
he took her to a cave he laid her down
to avoid the rain
betty woke up and screamed loudly
startling hulk and bumping into a cliff
when she called his name he was looking
at her lovingly when the sky thundered
and he shouted angrily
betty approached hulk to comfort him
everything was fine and then he calmed
down
two people sitting together in the rainy
night
general ross visits blonsky
most of his bones were broken only his
heart was stronger than normal people
the general looked at him then left
without knowing what miracle blonsky had
regained consciousness his fingers could
move again the next morning when betty
woke up the hulk had turned back into
banner
she took the coat off him and together
they went to a small town nearby
in the shower banner looks up at the
shower and is haunted by the barrel of a
gun that hit him yesterday knocking him
out of the tub
betty came home from shopping when
banner came out of the bathroom
looking at his listless face she
worriedly asked him if he was okay
banner said okay he was just trying to
pull out the usb stick
betty cuts banner's hair she hugs him
from behind
they embrace each other passionately no
matter what happens next
however in the middle of the heat his
heart rate suddenly increased
he told betty he couldn't get too
emotional
that woke the second human
he lies hugging the beauty in regret
the general was sitting thoughtfully
when a female soldier came to inform him
that blonsky had recovered
general ross touched blonsky and found
that there was no trace of the previous
fight blonsky said he was ready to fight
again
banner was checking betty's personal
belongings and left behind her credit
card and phone for fear the military
would find them
betty says they won't be able to go with
only forty dollars
she will sell the necklace her mother
left her for money
when she sold the bracelet banner
quickly accessed the computer to log in
and contact mr blue to make an
appointment without knowing that the
defense department was aware of this
communication and was monitoring their
movements
they bought an old car and excitedly set
out to find mr blue
before leaving she took her camera and
took a picture of banner
along the way she asks him about what
happened to banner
he started telling her everything
she says his second self isn't bad but
with banner right now
he just wants to get it out of him
after saying that he fell asleep in the
car when he didn't know
when they woke up they had reached the
tollbooth in front of which were all the
soldiers and police of general ross he
and betty abandoned the car and walked
slowly back to escape to appear where
they rented a canoe to take them to new
york
then they took a taxi and met a crazy
driver who thought his car was a race
car
betty angrily got out of the car and
cursed at him so they just kept walking
they found the workplace of mr blue and
they have met
blue leads them both home he is
surprised because the green giant is
real
they discussed an antidote for banner
but an overdose would be fatal
but banner says he's not afraid
so they started doing experiments
blue placed a potion made from magical
petals into banner's body
start sucking banners blood out of his
body then blue uses electricity to
stimulate banner's brain
after the electric shock his eyes turn
blue his body begins to change blood
vessels and blue color begin to appear
blue engrossed in the experiment hulk
begins to awaken
seeing danger betty climbed on hulk's
body to reassure him hulk began to
docile
betty tells blue to pump the antidote
into hulk now
as the drug was injected slowly hulk's
body also slowly shrank eventually
returning to banner's form
betty woke him up so their experiment
was a success
meanwhile bloski was injected with the
next dose of the drug gradually
transforming into a monster
general ross prepared his army to board
the helicopter and with blonsky set out
to capture banner
blue leads banner and betty to the house
containing banner's blood clones
they have limitless applications they
have the ability to make people immune
to all kinds of diseases
banner says blue needs to destroy all of
them because it will be very dangerous
old while blue is thinking of nobel
prizes in science
while the two were arguing the soldiers
outside targeted banner shooting him
with an anesthetic
his body slowly sank just as blonsky ran
up to him he wanted banner to become a
second person
seeing him faint blonsky hit banner hard
then the army tied him to a stretcher
and escorted him out
general ross takes his daughter's hand
but she looks at him with hateful eyes
and says she won't forgive him for what
he did to banner to hide his defeat and
protect his own cause
the general led the troops to the
helicopter and left
at blue's house he was being
interrogated by a female soldier when
she was knocked unconscious by blonsky
he tells blue that he wants to be just
like banner so he makes him like that
blonsky lifted him up and blue had to
accept blonsky's offer blue injects
banner's blood into blonsky's body
begins to transform into a giant like
hulk but he looks more like a monster
than a human
he pushed dr blue down
the monster in blonsky began to go out
and smash everywhere
the rest of the soldiers called for help
from the general the other line said
hulk was here
he was surprised that hulk was actually
on the helicopter
he immediately ordered the helicopter to
turn back towards the soldiers
the monster was smashing the people
panicked and ran
the soldiers then used their guns to
shoot at the monster it immediately
grabbed the bullet unharmed
it ran after the two soldiers car
brushing aside anything that stood in
its way
it lifted a vehicle and threw it at the
two soldiers
the signal was gone indicating that they
were dead
general ross recognized this as blonsky
banner said he would come down to attack
it again
banner decided to jump down from above
without landing the plane near it
but he himself did not know if he could
become the hulk before he fell to the
ground
and then it happened
he fell to the ground due to too much
force and sank deep into the ground
forming a big hole
betty and dad turned their eyes to him
and watched in awe
from the ground the green giant awakened
he shouted slowly stepping forward
the monster has achieved his goal of
dueling the hulk
he rushed towards the hulk using all his
strength to lift the hulk up and throw
it away
hulk rolled several times then stood up
wobbly banner immediately split the
police car into two shields his familiar
weapon
thanks to it he rushed up to smash the
monster then ended up with a massive
punch
however the monster kicking the hulk
through the walls
it flew up to cling to the wall to find
hulk to calculate the next book when
general ross's plane rushed in shooting
repeatedly at him causing him to flee to
the roof
hulk now woke up saw the plane was
shooting monsters on the rooftop and
climbed quickly just in time for the
monster to jump up and cling to the
helicopter hulk also grabbed the
monster's legs
hulk and monster fight in the air
one arm of the monster clung to the
helicopter disorienting the helicopter
general ross ordered an emergency
landing after spinning around
the helicopter landed on the rooftop
causing the hulk to fall first blasky
got on the helicopter jumped on the hulk
grabbed the hulk and lifted him up
punching him in the face repeatedly
when he saw betty he had the strength to
fight back against blonsky grabbing the
spikes on his back and hurling him
against the wall
at that moment the fuel and burned
around the helicopter hulk then used his
hand to swat hard causing a strong wind
to extinguish the fire
blasky was able to escape immediately
using a rope with an iron nearby to
sneak up on banner the general and his
daughter were about to appear from the
helicopter when blonsky tried to kill
them
hulk saw a dangerous situation
he punched the ground with his strongest
blow creating a long crack that made
blonsky slip the chain fell from his
hand hulk caught it and used it to
strangle him until he died
the reinforcements arrived
hulk stepped on blonsky and shouted
loudly to vent his anger
betty approached him and said everything
was fine
he called out betty's name
banner knows he doesn't belong here
he looks back at betty then runs through
the rooftops and disappears
at the end of the film in an unexplored
place in colombia banner is jogging to
control his heart rate
he went back to his little house and
drank tea
he received a package with betty's
necklace inside
he put it in an envelope with the
address of betty's house
he meditated to practice anger control
after a while he opened his eyes and a
mysterious smile appeared
the general was drinking at a bar when
the iron man came to him to ask him to
cooperate with him to form a super
soldier team this is the end of the
story thank you for watching until the
end
see you in the upcoming movies
this is the end of the movie see you in
the next movie
thank you for watching the movie